#   Copyright
#
#	Copyright (C) 2011 Jari Aalto
#
#   License
#
#       This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#       it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#       the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#       (at your option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
#       GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#       You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#       along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
#
#   Description
#
#	To learn what TOP LEVEL sections to use in manual pages,
#	see POSIX/Susv standard and "Utility Description Defaults" at
#	http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/xcu_chap01.html#tag_01_11
#
#	This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#	http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#	    perldoc perlpod | less
#
#	To check the syntax:
#
#	    podchecker *.pod
#
#	Create manual page with command:
#
#	    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

winetrick - WINE pacage manager to install software easily

=head1 SYNOPSIS

   winetrick [options] COMMAND

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A POSIX shell script 'package manager' for WINE to install some
Windows software easily. The list of downloadable applications can be
retrieved over the net. The list contains about 70 applications
including 3dmark2001, corefonts, cygwin, directx9, dotnet35, droid,
firefox, flash, ie8, mspaint, msxml6, python26, quicktime76, safari,
spotify, utorrent, vb6run, vcrun2010, vlc and xvid.

The command verbs recognized are listed in next section.

=head1 COMMANDS

=over 4

=item B<apps>

Select type I<apps>.

=item B<games>

Select type I<game>.'

=item B<list>

List verbs from selected category.  E.g. To see all games, run command
C<games list>.

=item B<list-cached>

List cached and ready to install applications.

=item B<list-download>

List applications which can be downloaded automatically.

=item B<list-manual-download>

List applications which can be downloaded with some help from the user.

=item B<list-installed>

List already installed applications.

=item B<prefix=VALUE>

Select WINEPREFIX=/home/jaalto/.local/share/wineprefixes/VALUE

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-gui>

Show gui diagnostics even when driven by commandline.

=item B<-h, --help>

Display this message and exit.

=item B<--isolate-games>

Install each game in its own bottle.

=item B<-k, --keep_isos>

Cache isos (allows later installation without disc).

=item B<--noclean>

Don't delete temp directories (useful during debugging).

=item B<-q, --unattended>

Don't ask any questions, just install automatically.

=item B<-r, --ddrescue>

Alternate method of disc access (helps with scratched discs)

=item B<--showbroken>

Even show verbs that are currently broken in wine.

=item B<-v, --verbose>

Echo all commands as they are executed.

=item B<-V, --version>

Display version and exit.

Display version information.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

To see list of available packages to install:

    winetricks list-download

To install a package:

    winetricks 7zip

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

Vriable I<WINEPREFIX> indicates location of Wine installation.

None.

=head1 FILES

Programs are installef under C<$HOME/.wine>.

=head1 STANDARDS

Not applicaple.

=head1 AVAILABILITY

http://freshmeat.net/projects/winetricks

=head1 SEE ALSO

wine(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Dan Kegel <dank@kegel.com>.

This manual page was written by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>.
Released under license GNU GPL version 2 or (at your option) any
later version. For more information about license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
